Terms and Privacy Policy
Instamo Studio ("we," and "us") respects the privacy of its users ("you") and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our application or services or transacting business with us. By using our website or application (our "Service"), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

Information we collect about you In General. We may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ("personal information") and other information that does not identify you. We may collect this information through a website or a mobile application. By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse and retain data related to the provision of the Service. When you provide personal information through our Service, the information may be sent to servers. Information you provide. In order to register as a user with us, you will be asked to sign in using your Instagram login. If you do so, you authorize us to access certain Instagram account information. 

Information collected automatically. We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. This information could include your IP address, device ID and type, your browser type and language, the operating system used by your device, access times, your mobile device's geographic location while our application is actively running, and the referring website address. 

Information collected by third-parties for advertising purposes. We may allow service providers, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display advertisements on our Service. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. We do not provide any non-anonymized personal information to third parties. How we use the information we collect In General. We may use information that we collect about you to: deliver and improve our products and services, and manage our business; manage your account and provide you with customer support; perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others' products, services, or content; communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties; develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Service and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites; website or mobile application analytics; perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. 

With whom we share your information 

Personal information. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with: Service providers: We may share information, including personal and financial information, with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, ad tracking and analytics, member screenings, supporting our Service functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our Service. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. 

Other Situations. We may disclose your information, including personal information: In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. 

In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. 

Third Party Websites There are a number of places on our Service where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement on our Service, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third- party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the "privacy" link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting. 

Our Service may also deliver notifications to your phone or mobile device. You can disable these notifications by going into "App Settings" on the app or by changing the settings on your mobile device.

Changes to this Privacy Policy We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our Service from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
